docs: add info on using gift cards (#136)
opencollective/documentation: financial-contributors/organizations/gift-cards.md

## FAQ

### How do I use the gift cards?

> To use a gift card, you first have to activate it on your account from [Redeem Gift Card](https://opencollective.com/redeem). Then go to make a donation as usual, and select your gift card when asked for payment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use a gift card, you first have to activate it on your account from [Redeem Gift Card](https://opencollective.com/redeem). Then go to make a contribution, and select your gift card when asked for payment.
```
